# v10.3.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `github-actions` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Allow for an option to use Playwright in `package-ci`
    - The components repository's CI workflow will need this so that it can run the new Storybook components tests in CI.
    - Finally, after a very long time of figuring out how this may be feasible, the components repository can now finally have some form of testing!
    - Or, well, in fairness it did have its end-to-end tests previously with the artwork and all, but these are local tests that we should be able to run in the regular `package-ci/source-code-ci` workflow. Whereas end-to-end is a more expensive test overall and generally requires its own workflow instead so it can take a little longer.

## Additional Notes

- Yeah, I'm really liking Storybook so far!
- It's incredibly powerful - not only can it be responsible for documentation of my components package, but it can also help with automated testing too! That is seriously very powerful stuff right there.
- Plus, that JSDoc integration? Absolute perfection right there! The fact that we can edit the JSDoc comments in one single place, and that carries over to the interactive Storybook docs, as well as the editor? Like, JSDoc is honestly very underrated. JSDoc alone has made a lot of documentation work a lot easier than I may've initially thought it may be, which is nice.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
