# v10.2.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `github-actions` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add a `publish-github-pages` workflow for use in the package repositories that currently have feature documentation.
    - This is currently being used by utility internally, and is expected to eventually be used in components once the Storybook integration is polished up more.
    - ESLint plugin and alex-c-line will also use this eventually at some point, although they may take some time as alex-c-line may need to have its own documentation generation command, and ESLint plugin may need some alex-c-line commands to help with it a bit.

## Additional Notes

- Note that this `github-actions` repository also needs to have pages enabled despite there being no plans to actually use it in this repository as of now.
- This is because the workflow is present in this repository and it sets the environment to `github-pages` which will always error if the repository doesn't support GitHub Pages.
- It is weird, and again, it would be good if we could somehow suppress the error by instead saying that it is supposed to be used in repositories that support GitHub Pages even though this repository itself isn't one of them.
- But then again, it is GitHub Actions - I guess it has no real concept of a well-thought-out system. I still very much wish we could have an actions lockfile or package file... But I get that my dream may never come true...
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
