# v8.4.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `github-actions` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Add an optional OS input to `package-ci`.
    - This allows packages to test across multiple different operating systems should they wish to.
    - I hate the implementation of this so much, though. Apparently `string[]` is not a valid type in a GitHub Action, so I instead have to do this stupid thing where I declare a stringly-typed array, and then pass it into `fromJson()`...
    - It feels ridiculously clunky because you can use arrays in other places in GitHub Actions and it feels like it should be coming from the same system, but it doesn't.

## Additional Notes

- Between this, release note v8.1.1, and especially release v4.0.3, I think I've come to the conclusion that GitHub Actions' worst trait is its lack of cohesion.
- There are so many places throughout working with GitHub Actions where the same concept means completely different things and it's not clear as to why this is the case.
- Trying to treat GitHub Actions like a proper system with dependency management and abstraction and all that good stuff ends up feeling rather clunky as a result because of how inconsistent it feels.
- I think, really, it's death by a thousand papercuts. There are certainly moments when developing with GitHub Actions where it feels pretty nice, but then all the little inconsistencies really builds up over time and makes me not like it as much.
