# v10.5.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `github-actions` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Allow the build to be skipped in `package-ci`
    - The new `typescript-actions` repository won't need to build in `package-ci`, it's build step comes in later...
- Remove the option to create the feature docs from `commit-version-change`
    - It doesn't need to create the feature docs anymore, as I have moved this to the GitHub Pages publish step.
- Allow the build to be committed after running build in `commit-version-change`
    - Yes, really... `typescript-actions` needs the build to actually be in the commit history, otherwise it will not be picked up on.
    - GitHub Actions in general tends to have its action references be the actual path to the action in the repository, which feels so wrong and leaky-implementation and I hate it so much and it makes me sick!

## Additional Notes

- Like... sure, it is nice to be able to develop composite actions in TypeScript now.
- But it also sits in that weird in-between where parts of it feel nice due to being TypeScript, but it still has that GitHub Actions jank feel to it at times too.
- It leaves the repository feeling satisfying at times, but without truly going all the way.
- That said, it does have a lockfile, so that it probably my biggest complaint about GitHub Actions addressed, to say the least.
- But that also said, I think it also goes to show that my biggest issue with GitHub Actions isn't necessarily just the fact that it's not TypeScript, because just switching a lot of the logic over to TypeScript didn't solve every issue I have with GitHub Actions.
- If anything, I think it may be adding more to it because it creates more inconsistency. The inconsistency part is my biggest issue, in the sense that it doesn't feel like a well thought-out, unified system where every decision feels like part of the same system.
- Like, we can't even fully commit to the YAML - we can also even say that writing composite actions in TypeScript, which feels completely detached from the world of GitHub Actions, is possible. And it doesn't even feel natively like a TypeScript project either - it feels more like TypeScript fit around the jank of GitHub Actions. We have no NPM publishing, no exports field, a committed build, and the list goes on...
- Anyway, rant aside... for my own personal organisation, it is worth noting that `typescript-actions` does NOT replace the need for this `github-actions` repository. The `typescript-actions` repository stores composite actions that are meant more for reusable units of logic that can be used in a workflow, whereas this repository tends to store reusable workflows that chain together multiple commands and composite actions and are to be considered the full workflow.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
