# v10.0.0 (Major Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new major release of the `github-actions` package. It has the potential to introduce breaking changes that may require a large amount of refactoring. Please read the description of changes and migration notes below for more information.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Yes, really. We were only at v9.0.3 earlier, but now we have to move to v10 because anything previous to this will not work because it relies on alex-c-line v1 behaviour and we are on v2 as of this release note.
- Look, `alex-c-line` v2, I'm honestly really proud of. It's the biggest major release I've ever done, I've hyped it up so much in previous release notes, and it is a huge milestone for the command-line tool as it's been stuck in v1 for so long now!
- That said, we do have to follow it up with a new GitHub Actions major release too because of its reliance on `alex-c-line` and the fact that we haven't really been able to pin down stable versions of it in our workflows.
- Future releases will eventually add pinning of all external JavaScript dependencies in a way that reads the current repository's `package.json` and, for command-line tools like `alex-c-line` and `actions-up`, it will re-install them at their listed ranges so that we avoid breakage due to unintended versions where possible.
- Until then, here's a very unsatisfying major release right after the most satisfying one.

## Migration Notes

- Just update the workflows. Anything lower than v10 will not work anymore.
- If you really need to use `alex-c-line` v1, though, I'd recommend going back to the commit before we moved to v2 and just copying/pasting into your own repositories, then replacing `npm install -g alex-c-line@latest` with `npm install -g alex-c-line@<your-intended-version>`.

## Additional Notes

- GitHub Actions really is annoying, and the fact that there's no lockfile for actions in the same way that there is for other systems really bothers me so much.
- I know it's not great that pretty much all versions of our workflows prior to this no longer works, but also in fairness, the actions are more of an internal thing for my own repositories anyway. After all, there is no MIT license file here yet!
- But anyway... let's just conveniently ignore this very underwhelming major and pretend that the `alex-c-line` major is the only one that got released today, ok?
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
