# v11.0.5 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `github-actions` package. It includes small, non-breaking changes and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Double-quote all bash variables in our workflows.
    - It is more secure that way and prevents splitting/glob expansion.
    - These should've been quoted anyway but I missed a few somehow.
- Use `pdm update --unconstrained` in `update-dependencies`.
    - This ensures that we update the `pyproject.toml` file with the new pins as well.

## Additional Notes

- A lot of these issues were actually raised by a new tool I was experimenting with, `actionlint`.
- I had heard of it a few times before and upon trying it out, it does seem to catch a wide range of issues that Zizmor alone does not (especially that Shell quoting thing, but it can also catch things like syntax errors, invalid input properties etc.).
- That said, I have decided not to fully adopt this yet because a very big question is being left unanswered as of now - how do we control this dependency in CI?
- It is not an NPM dependency so it can't be pinned in `package.json`, there is no official composite action that we can control, and the actual suggested way to integrate it into our workflows as per the docs is... sketchy, to say the least.
- Until a good way to pin it is found (and/or I implement my own way to pin it in `alex-c-line`), I will leave it out of CI for the time being and run it locally on my machine.
- As such, just be aware that if you're a contributor and you find that I end up fixing a few things from your pull requests when I seem to be working on something unrelated, it could most likely be a result of `actionlint` pointing something out to me.

## Our Dependency Management Policy Going Forward

- From this point on, I would like to enforce the following rules for adding any new dependency to the organisation:
    1. Can it be pinned to a known version?
        - In general, this should be done by package metadata file (e.g. `package.json`) specifying exact version numbers where possible, along with a lockfile that locks us in and controls the more specific resolution (i.e. the SHA used).
        - For GitHub Actions, pinning must ~~unfortunately~~ be done at the workflow level itself, and pinned at SHA.
    2. Can the pins be updated according to our usual schedule?
        - Dependency updates run every Friday at 9pm UTC.
        - This is our chance to align ourselves with the latest version of all packages to ensure we don't drift too far out-of-sync.
        - This is important so that we can still benefit from any potential bug fixes and general improvements. A lot of issues found in older versions of packages tend to become obsolete with newer versions, and so we may be in a riskier position without such updates.
        - As such, a direct pin with no way to update it is also not what we should be doing either.
        - If, for whatever reason, the pins in the package file cannot be updated directly, we should at least have a lockfile specifying the exact versions. However, if we can't even have a lockfile that can be updated, the dependency should not be used at all.
- If we stick to the above rules, this should keep us safe from potential dependency issues and ensure that we are fully aware of exactly what dependencies we are using at any given point in time, and at which version.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
