# v11.0.0 (Major Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new major release of the `github-actions` package. It has the potential to introduce breaking changes that may require a large amount of refactoring. Please read the description of changes and migration notes below for more information.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Change the `update-dependencies` workflow to be inputs-driven.
    - This allows each individual repository to opt-into exactly what they want to update, rather than having the workflow implicitly decide.
- Add Python updates to `update-dependencies`.
    - This will be needed in the media repository and this repository. This repository needs Python because we directly install Zizmor into this project using PDM now, so we can lint the actions locally.
- Remove the "Apply formatting" step from `update-dependencies`.
    - I decided that ultimately it's better to have the workflow be solely responsible for updating the dependencies, and then we just go into the pull request to fix things manually.
    - It does feel a bit too surprising if the workflow also formats too - it's not too difficult to do it ourselves.
- Disable `strict_version_resolution` wherever we globally install `alex-c-line`.
    - This allows `alex-c-line` to be able to use these workflows without it failing because it's not its own devDependency.

## Migration Notes

- After updating the workflow, you will need to provide your own inputs. The workflow will do nothing otherwise.
- To replicate the previous default behaviour, use:

```yml
uses: alextheman231/github-actions/.github/workflows/update-dependencies@v11.0.0 # Pinned at version tag for quick demonstration purposes - I would recommend pinning by SHA in practice.
with:
  update_pnpm: true
  update_javascript_dependencies: true
  update_actions: true
```

- If you also happen to have Terraform files in your repository, it may look something like this instead:

```yml
uses: alextheman231/github-actions/.github/workflows/update-dependencies@v11.0.0 # Pinned at version tag for quick demonstration purposes - I would recommend pinning by SHA in practice.
with:
  update_pnpm: true
  update_javascript_dependencies: true
  update_actions: true
  update_terraform: true
```

## Additional Notes

- I think this is a lot better than before as it gives each repository more control over the updates.
- We still keep our centralised workflow that handles all possible cases, except now instead of the workflow itself doing logic to decide what to update, we give each individual repository more control over what exactly they want to update.
- This feels a lot better as a result and reduces the chance of false negatives coming from, say, the update-dependencies workflow detecting Terraform files present even if they may not be, for example.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
