# v7.0.0 (Major Release)

**Status**: Released

This is a new major release of the `github-actions` package. It has the potential to introduce breaking changes that may require a large amount of refactoring. Please read the below description of changes and migration notes for more information.

## Description of Changes

- Yep, here we go again... Another major version!
- The `update-dependencies`, `create-feature-docs`, and `commit-version-change` reusable workflows have been refactored to be GitHub App-based rather than token-based.
    - I think this is better as it would mean that I can finally stop having the automated pull requests associated with my user account and instead be associated with a bot account.
    - This is better because that would mean I can approve the bot pull requests and treat them as if they were put up by someone else, rather than having approval of those be implicit by me merging them in manually.
- Optimise the Terraform check so that it is only computed once and used across all three cases where we re-use it.
    - This reduces duplication and also makes the workflow more efficient.

## Migration Notes

- If you haven't already, first create a GitHub App.
    - See [the official guidance from GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/creating-github-apps/about-creating-github-apps/about-creating-github-apps) if you need more guidance on how to do this.
- Pass in the `APP_ID` and `APP_PRIVATE_KEY` as workflow secrets, like so:

```yml
secrets:
- APP_ID: ${{ secrets.APP_ID }}
- APP_PRIVATE_KEY: ${{ secrets.APP_PRIVATE_KEY }}
```

## Additional Notes

- I mean, let's be real anyway, who here other than myself is actively using the workflows from this repository?
- I said in the v4.0.0 release note that use of this package is the most likely to break existing usage given that it is the one most tailored to my repositories.
- Part of me wonders if I should just start more formally stating that the reusable workflows are internal, whereas the composite actions can be used by anyone. Maybe that'd be better so I can make such breaking changes for my own repositories without having that issue where almost every release ends up being a major.
- In any case, though, I'll mark this one as major for now, but if there really does end up being a breaking change to the workflows next time, I'll prpbably version that as a minor and say that because it changed the internal workflows, it's not a major.
